docs(apparmor): add apparmor docs (#968)
accuknox/KubeArmor: getting-started/kubearmor_apparmor_implementation_overview.md

# KubeArmor AppArmor implementation overview

Kubearmor support enforcing policies on systems running apparmor.

## Implementation overview

![Action Conflict](./resources/kubearmor-Apparmor-internals.png)

Upon the detection of a new Pod or a new policy, KubeArmor will launch a policy matching process that works as follow:

- If a new pod is detected, KubeArmor will only search for policies that matches that perticular pod.
- If a new policy is detected, KubeArmor will search for all pods that the policy include.

> When all policies areidentified , KubeArmor combine all policies into a single policy, if two policies are conflicting KubeArmor will resolve this conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all policies are identified, KubeArmor combines all policies into a single policy. If two policies are conflicting KubeArmor will resolve this conflict.
```
